README.md, before:

# Animated Authentication App
This app use `Animated` for animation transition from other `Scence`, it's easy and build fast. You should learn it.
> Simple, clean, easy learn

# Design Tools
A long time, I design prototype in photoshop, it's helpful, but i have problems when convert from psd to App, it's not hard, but it spent many 
time of me. And i don't t know create animation in photoshop.

2 days ago, I found Sketch, and try it. After try it, bye bye photoshop.😭

**Sketch**, my new friend in design tools. I had learned 2 days ago, it's amazing, easy learning, and you should learn it instead learn Photoshop
 
**Flinto** convert prototype in Sketch to animation preview. Before start code in react native, you need design a transition for `Scence`, you can caculator timing duration, position easy, and you should do it, your app will be wonderful animation.
 
**Zeplin** It help you convert from idea design to App. It's easy export image, get distance from other component, get CSS, and more, ...

You should learn it 😘

# Design Resoruces
You can download prototype design from [here]() (Sketch file + Flinto file)

# Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/thanhtungdp/react-native-login-animated
npm install
react-native run-ios # Run ios simulator
react-native run-android # Run android simulator
```

# Packages used
- [React native router flux](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux) navigate scence easy
- [React native vector icons](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux) easy use icon, and custom icon svg

# More Documentation
If you want to a `Master Animation in React Native` you should read 
- [Animated in React Native for beginer](https://medium.com/react-native-training/react-native-animations-using-the-animated-api-ebe8e0669fae#.546tkcl8n)
- [Dynamic Animated Listview](https://medium.com/modus-create-front-end-development/dynamic-animated-listview-in-reactnative-879374cbff0d?source=bookmarks---------7---------)
- [Animated from facebook](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/animated.html)
- [Animated examples](http://browniefed.com/blog/react-native-animated-api-basic-example/)
- [Animation book](http://browniefed.com/react-native-animation-book/)
- [Understand Animated in React Native from CSS](http://blog.huynh.io/2015/08/06/react-native-animations/)
- [40 tutorial for learn Sketch](http://www.webdesigndev.com/sketch-app-tutorials/)
- [Video tutorial learn sketch](http://www.learnsketch.com/tutorials.html)

# Bonus
- [Make Ecommerce app with Sketch + Flinto](https://medium.com/@marcandrew/prototyping-an-e-commerce-app-in-flinto-part-1-of-2-988de33005c5#.w3isurxtc)
- [Prototype app in IOS, Android with Sketch + Flinto](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/01/prototyping-ios-android-apps-sketch-freebie/)
- [Sketch for IOS Developer](https://www.raywenderlich.com/117609/sketch-indie-developers)
- [Sketch for beginer login interface](https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/tutorials/sketch-for-beginners-design-a-login-form-interface--cms-21534)
- [Sketch chanel learning free](https://medium.com/sketch-app)

Commit message:

apply font for android, apply simple line icons

README.md, after:

# Animated Authentication App
This app use `Animated` for animation transition from other `Scence`, it's easy and build fast. You should learn it.
> Simple, clean, easy learn

# Design Tools
A long time, I design prototype in photoshop, it's helpful, but i have problems when convert from psd to App, it's not hard, but it spent many 
time of me. And i don't t know create animation in photoshop.

2 days ago, I found Sketch, and try it. After try it, bye bye photoshop.😭

**Sketch**, my new friend in design tools. I had learned 2 days ago, it's amazing, easy learning, and you should learn it instead learn Photoshop
 
**Flinto** convert prototype in Sketch to animation preview. Before start code in react native, you need design a transition for `Scence`, you can caculator timing duration, position easy, and you should do it, your app will be wonderful animation.
 
**Zeplin** It help you convert from idea design to App. It's easy export image, get distance from other component, get CSS, and more, ...

You should learn it 😘

# Design Resoruces
You can download prototype design from [here]() (Sketch file + Flinto file)

# Note
My design on `iPhone 6 size`, if you run other iphone 5,4 or android size < 320pdi, style doesn't good.
It run good on:
- Iphone 6 (+)
- Iphone 7 (+)
- Android phone (768px x 1280px or larger)

# Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/thanhtungdp/react-native-login-animated
cd react-native-login-animated
npm install
rnpm link #auto linked libs to Xcode, or Android
react-native run-ios # Run ios simulator
react-native run-android # Run android simulator
```

# Packages used
- [React native router flux](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux) navigate scence easy
- [React native vector icons](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux) easy use icon, and custom icon svg

# More Documentation
If you want to a `Master Animation in React Native` you should read 
- [Animated in React Native for beginer](https://medium.com/react-native-training/react-native-animations-using-the-animated-api-ebe8e0669fae#.546tkcl8n)
- [Dynamic Animated Listview](https://medium.com/modus-create-front-end-development/dynamic-animated-listview-in-reactnative-879374cbff0d?source=bookmarks---------7---------)
- [Animated from facebook](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/animated.html)
- [Animated examples](http://browniefed.com/blog/react-native-animated-api-basic-example/)
- [Animation book](http://browniefed.com/react-native-animation-book/)
- [Understand Animated in React Native from CSS](http://blog.huynh.io/2015/08/06/react-native-animations/)
- [40 tutorial for learn Sketch](http://www.webdesigndev.com/sketch-app-tutorials/)
- [Video tutorial learn sketch](http://www.learnsketch.com/tutorials.html)

# Bonus
- [Make Ecommerce app with Sketch + Flinto](https://medium.com/@marcandrew/prototyping-an-e-commerce-app-in-flinto-part-1-of-2-988de33005c5#.w3isurxtc)
- [Prototype app in IOS, Android with Sketch + Flinto](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/01/prototyping-ios-android-apps-sketch-freebie/)
- [Sketch for IOS Developer](https://www.raywenderlich.com/117609/sketch-indie-developers)
- [Sketch for beginer login interface](https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/tutorials/sketch-for-beginners-design-a-login-form-interface--cms-21534)
- [Sketch chanel learning free](https://medium.com/sketch-app)
